{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Model 1: \'93normal\'94 sized layers, added dropout layer (rate = 0.5), preprocessing: width shift, range 0.2, with fill = \'91wrap\'92. \
Result: Done. Model saved, epochs data saved. Overfits at around >=15 epochs, val accuracy is mid 50s. \
\
Model 2: Same as Model 1, but fill = \'91constant\'92. \
Result: Done. Model saved, epochs data saved. Overfits at around >=15 epochs, val accuracy is mid 50s. \
\
Model 3: Has reduced layer sizes, dropout layer (rate = 0.5), no image preprocessing. \
Result: Done. Model saved, epochs data saved. Overfits at around >= 5 epochs, val accuracy is upper 40s. \
\
Model 4: Same as Model 1, but the conv2d layers have size 5x2. \
Result: Done. Model saved, epochs saved. Overfits at around >=15 epochs, val accuracy is mid 50s. \
\
Model 5:  Same as Model 1, but the conv2d layers have size 2x5. \
Result: Done. Model saved, epochs saved. Overfits at around >=15 epochs, val accuracy is mid 50s. \
\
Model 6: Same as Model 1, but with height shifts preprocessing and width shifts. width shift: range 0.2. heigh shift: range 0.1, fill = \'91wrap\'92. Runs for 30 epochs. May not fit very well in that time. \
\
Result: Done. Model saved, epochs saved. \
\
Model 7: Same as Model 1, but the conv2d layers have more slices (same as in the cats vs dogs example in the textbook). \
Result: Did not save. Will ignore this model since it takes too long to run. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Model 8: Same structure as Model 1. Preprocessing: height_shift_range = 0.05, width_shift_range = 0.2. Runs for 100 epochs, since it takes a while to fit. \
Model 9: Same structure as Model 3 (fewer stacks in the layers). Preprocessing: width_shift_range = height_shift_range = 0.1. \
Model 10: Same structure as Model 3 (fewer stacks in the layers). Preprocessing: width_shift_range = height_shift_range = 0.01\
Result: Did not finish\'97began to overfit before 30 epochs were up. \
\
\
\
}